Everybody’s gansta until the church start walking - Unknown Guardsman
They cower. We carve.,Mandrake
Knowledge is Power,Mentor Legion
There is only the Emperor, and he is our Shield and Protector, Book of the Astronomican, pg. 78
“Be faithful! Be strong! Be vigilant!”, The Emperor of Mankind
Forget nothing - forgive no-one.,Motto
My will be done-page 1,Codex Imperialis
Honour your Chapter.,Space Marine Proverb
SPEED KILLS!,"Sergeant Malachi,Ravenwing"
It’s amazing how much paperwork an act of heroism requires, Commissar Ciaphas Cain
Burn the heretic. Kill the mutant. Purge the unclean.=, Imperial Maxim
The universe has many horrors yet to throw at us. This is not the end of our struggle. This is just the beginning of our crusade to save Humanity, The Emperor of Mankind
"For the alien, nothing.",Legio Victorum Motto
Things can always get worse.,Valhallan proverb
No pity! No remorse! No fear!, Chaplain Grimaldus
Let the repentant enjoy a merciful end.,Proverb
May the winds of fate guide my sword.,Baharroth
Stop bleeding and fight back!,Unknown Guardsman
Suffer not the unclean to live, Puritan Inquisitor
"Fear me, for I am your apocalypse",Modus Exectus
Only in death does duty end, Unknown Guardsman
The Emperor protects, Guardsman Raines
Treachery is its own reward.,Callidus Temple proverb
Faith is our shield, Unknown Space Marine
Tanks! Where are the bloody tanks?!,Unknown Guardsman
They shall be my finest warriors… They will be my Space Marines, and they shall know no fear, The Emperor of Mankind
I haven’t lost an arm, brother. It’s right over there, Captain Alessio Cortez, Crimson Fists
"Even when broken, a sword may still cut.",Aun'ko'vash
Fear not. The Emperor will provide.,Commissariat maxim
What are secrets with no-one to know them?,Shas'O R'th
This is my lasgun. There are many like it, but this is by far the worst, Unknown Guardsman
Come you aliens, show me what passes for fury amongst your misbegotten kind!, Captain Gabriel Angelos
Give me a hundred Space Marines. Or failing that, give me a thousand other troops.”, Rogal Dorn, Primarch of the Imperial Fists
Surround yourself with the greatest warriors at your command… It matters not. I shall take your head for the Great Khan and for the Emperor, Kor’sarro Khan (White Scars)
Blessed is the mind too small for doubt, Librarian Isador Akios
Concentrate all fire on that big bruiser!,Unknown Guardsman
"Glory for the first man to die, charge!",Unknown Commissar
It's never too late to panic.,Popular Valhallan folk saying
War is my master; Death my mistress.,Phoenix Lord Maugan Ra
''Who told you to die? Keep fighting!,Commissar Otto Xavier
For the Emperor and Sanguinius!, War Cry of the Blood Angels
So I fight for a Father who I never loved, against a brother that I did. I defend an empire that never wanted me against an army that would have taken me in a heartbeat, Jaghatai Khan
Incoming fire has the right of way.,Old artilleryman's maxim
I heard from a contact on Mars, Jaghatai, that you do strange things to your ships." The Khan shot him a heavy-lidded stare. "I heard that you do strange things to your warriors.”
The past is always with us.,"Gilbran Quail, Collected Essays"
There's no turning back... Triumph or oblivion.,Ramus Macabee
Only poets can be true warriors, Yesugei
Those are Eldar? I thought they'd be taller.,Unknown Guardsman
Qin Xa nodded thoughtfully. His expression was serene, as it was so often with the Scars, Ilya Ravallion
Fortune deliver you by the nine holy wounds!,(Ayatani blessing)
Capturing it was easy. Holding it will be hard.,Unknown Guardsman
I'm an inquisitor. I do not get angry.,Inquisitor Gregor Eisenhorn
The strong are strongest alone.,"Lufgt Huron, The Tyrant of Badab"
There are no miracles. There are only men. - Epistles,Saint Sabbat
Never! – after being asked when to order a retreat,Warmaster Slaydo
Orders are not important, Oaths, on the other hand, are, Jaghatai Khan
Horus is corrupted, the Emperor is a tyrant, I choose neither, Jaghatai Khan
DOK! Me arm got shot off! Gimme a new’un!,Wortgrod Mugskab - Ork Boy
"He who seizes the moment, he is the right man.",Hawke Fleet-Admiral
Knowledge is power. Guard it well.,Motto of the Blood Ravens Chapter
Will I save lives? Sanguinius nodded, Many. That is what I was made for, I will ride out, Jaghatai Khan
I will not leave the ordinary citizenry of Terra defenceless, Jaghatai Khan
And Saint Phistinius went unto the enemy unarmed and unarmoured.,Kronin
"Chaos is devious, subtle... The way of shadows.",Inquisitor Silas Hand
Pain now! Reward in the afterlife.,Chaplain Mikelus of the Blood Ravens
Please try to run. It would save me lots of problems.,Unknown Commissar
If a job's worth doing it's worth dying for.-proverb,Unknown lore source
So it was in the beginning; so ever it shall be.,Credo of the Iron Hands
My brother, my brother, to the aid of my Brother!, Sanguinius
In war victory is one part planning and nine parts faith.,Tactica Imperium
Peace? There cannot be peace in these times.,Lord Commander Solar Macharius
Speed the bolt that brings the end of enemy and friend.,Unknown lore source
"If the road is easy, the destination is worthless. - Proverbs",Saint Sabbat
There are bounties and treasures aplenty for those of the true faith.,Kronin
Into the fires of battle!Unto the anvil of war!,Battle-cry of the Salamanders
You may as well try to catch starlight as bring Eldar to battle.,Naval saying
And there shall be space in the Emperor’s heart for all true believers.,Kronin
Faith is purest when it is unquestioning.,Chaplain Mikelus of the Blood Ravens
"Hope for the best, but prepare for the worst.",Imperial Guard Tactical Manual
"We march for Macragge!""And we shall know no fear!",Ultramarines Battle-chant
Never take a gamble you’re not prepared to lose.,"Abdul Goldberg, Rogue Trader"
"That was unexpected, wasn't it? - Last words",Warmaster Varan the Undefeatable
"There was a great light, and all around was the beauty of the Emperor.",Kronin
Does the God-Emperor sit much?,Sergeant Ceglan Varl of the Tanith First and Only
Exitus Acta Probat:The Outcome Justifies The Deed.,Motto of the Vindicare Temple
"For every one of us who falls, ten more will take his place!",Unknown Guardsman
I love the smell of promethium in the morning.,"Captain Shambas,Valhallan 597th"
Let the strength of your will match the stone of your walls.,Unknown lore source
"Trust in the God-Emperor. But trust your blade, too.", Inquisitor Atellus Thrax
Unto death I shall serve him. Unto life again shall he serve the Emperor.,Kronin
For justice! For vengeance! For the Emperor!-on Gravalax,Lady General Jenit Sulla
I give men dreams and men are led by their dreams.,Lord Commander Solar Macharius
Let no good deed go unpunished.Let no evil deed go unrewarded.,Unknown lore source
"""No Fear! No Pity! NO REMORSE!"" - War Cry of the Black Templars",Black Templars
The lot of courage is to be sacrificed on the altar of battle.,Unknown lore source
A well-maintained warrior, is an effective warrior.","Sio't meditation 12, lesson 4
Our enemies may rest but rust never sleeps.,"Tech-Priest Jung, Forge World Gehenna"
For Ultramar! CHARGE!- on Talassar,"Marneus Calgar, Chapter Master of the Ultramarines"
Frak this! My soul's my own and I'm keeping it! – to Emeli Duboir,Commissar Ciaphas Cain
If you go looking for trouble, you're sure to find it.","Gilbran Quail, Collected Essays
Life’s so much easier when you’ve got someone to blame.,"Gilbran Quail, Collected Essays"
Walls of stone do not a fortress make. But they're not a bad start.,Commander Rango Thaxx
As the Emperor protects, so must we.","Colonel-Commissar Ibram Gaunt,Tanith First and Only
Pain is temporary, Honour is forever","Colonel-Commissar Ibram Gaunt,Tanith First and Only
The gratitude of the powerful is a heavy weight to bear.,"Gilbran Quail, Collected Essays"
"When you decide to die, remember to give your enemy the same honour.",Commissar Grenville
"Where there is an enemy, rage!Where there is a victory, rejoice! - Epistles",Saint Sabbat
No world shall be beyond my rule; no enemy shall be beyond my wrath.,The Emperor of Mankind
Victory? What use is victory? Let me have a battle of annihilation.,Fleet Commissar Drussos
"A war waged by committee is a war already lost. - Sermons, vol. XV, ch. DIV",Sebastian Thor
My name is Nathaniel Garro, and I am a Legion of One.","Captain Nathaniel Garro, Death Guard
"Questions are for the briefing room, not the field.",Captain Malachai of the Black Templars
The secrets of the universe are within my grasp. You cannot stop me now.,"Szeras, Illuminor"
A foe without honour is a foe already beaten.,"Ancient Helveticus, Ultramarines Honour Guard"
And the bounties of the Emperor shall go to those who have worked hard in his service.,Kronin
The only good is knowledge and the only evil is ignorance.,Ahzek Ahriman of the Thousand Sons
"As I have been called to the holy work, so I will call others to me. - Epistles",Saint Sabbat
How can a man be happy if he cannot serve his lord with his whole heart?,Litany of the Adeptus
I haven't lost an arm, brother. It's right over there.","Captain Alessio Cortez, Crimson Fists
That which is unknown and unseen always commands the greatest fear,Motto of the Culexus Temple
They have seen more death and ruin than another soldier sees in ten lifetimes.,General Sejanus
We determine the guilty. We decide the punishment.,Codex Arbites - the Commandments of Justice
You get more with a kind word and an excruciator than with just a kind word.,Inquisitor Malden
Slay the beast and the horde will die.,"Cato Sicarius, Captain of the Ultramarines 2nd Company"
"The reinforcements were greatly appreciated... erm, have you got any more?",Colonel Strickland
There will be no retreat from Hades Hive. We will fight to the end.,Commissar Sebastian Yarrick
We ride like the wind, my brothers – victory depends on it.","Kudubai Khan, Attilan Rough Rider
And lo: by their devices and desires shall Chaos make itself known to thee.,Inquisitor Silas Hand
"Let the sky welcome you, for therein dwells the Emperor and his saints. - Proverbs",Saint Sabbat
Let's give them hell, men.-at the Siege of Vervunhive","General Coron Grizmund,Narmenian Armoured
Men of Tanith! Do you want to live forever?,"Colonel-Commissar Ibram Gaunt,Tanith First and Only"
Peace is not in my vocabulary. – attributed,"Jarra Mordiker Commander, 13th/5th Support Regiment"
"Though the artifices of evil are many, a bolter round kills just as assuredly.",Inquisitor Skorn
Victory is achieved through mettle.Glory is achieved through metal.,Uttica 1st Tank Company motto
And the Emperor’s thanks for those who have been bountiful in their gifts would be eternal.,Kronin
Any Cadian who can't field-strip his own lasgun by age ten was born on the wrong planet.,Anonymous
Beat your thoughts to the mould of your will. – attributed,Primarch Leman Russ of the Space Wolves
Brothers! War calls you. Will you answer?,"Cato Sicarius, Captain of the Ultramarines 2nd Company"
I hate last stands, there's never time to practise them.","Major Elim Rawne, Tanith First and Only
Man never changes. So war never changes.-attributed,Primarch Roboute Guilliman of the Ultramarines
"One warrior usually suffices. - to Perdet Suiton Antoni, on Baal Solock.",Priadof the Iron Snakes
"Primarch! Progenitor, to your glory and the glory of Him on Earth!",War Cry of the Imperial Fists
"The Emperor is master of the galaxy, but the captain is master of his ship.",Popular naval saying
What does not kill me... is not trying hard enough.,Primarch Roboute Guilliman of the Ultramarines
"If your battle plan's working, it's probably a trap.-""On Military Matters,"" 739.M41",Kolton Phae
Those who scale the pinnacles of glory have the furthest to plunge into the abyss.,Melothrucius Lux
Sow the seeds of damnation and I shall reap the souls of the tainted,"Eversor Temple, Modus Exectus"
A good commander does not need to take risks - he merely waits for his foe to do so.,Tactica Imperium
"However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results.",Ancient Terran General
Light your way in the darkness with the pyres of burning heretics.,Unknown Priest of the Ecclesiarchy
One thing you can say for enemies; they make life more interesting.,"Gilbran Quail, Collected Essays"
I hate this planet.-on Shrine World Solthane,"Lieutenant Taan Darrick,Cadian 88th Mechanised Infantry"
"The path to duty is often a stony one, made smoother by thought for others.",Precepts of Saint Emelia
Three things matter in marksmanship - location, location, location.","Training Dogma, Vindicare Temple
True justice is quite simply the will of the Emperor.,Librarian Franz Grenzstein of the Imperial Fists
He who allows the alien to live shares in the crime of its existence.,"Inquisitor Apollyon, Ordo Xenos"
Everything has a purpose, Proteus. So the Emperor ordains.","Chaplain Carnak, Imperial Fists 3rd Company
Faith, hate, vengeance and truth; these are our tenets. Embrace them.","Kor Phaeron, Keeper of The Faith
Show me a fortress and I'll show you a ruin.,"Captain Eddan Bourne, Silver Skulls No. 2 Assault Company"
"We are the Emperor's angels of death, not his angels of mercy.",Blood Ravens Devastator Sergeant Avitus
I would rather kill on my feet, than die at my knees.","Salaine Morn, Archon of the Shadowed Thorns Kabal
The loss of a skilled Moderatus is more saddening than the loss of a blood relative.,Princeps Akar Strang
"You will atone for your sins, and when you die you will thank me for allowing you to!",Colonel Schaeffer
